[Music]
never knew what I was talking about anyway
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic
initiation I'm going to invite in tonight into our company
the children those innocent youthful Children of the ivy league
you're welcome here tonight tonight we everything will be bent on showing you
what you need tonight we're going to talk about some hardcore ancient Venom texts
yeah this is stuff nobody reads but now now that we know that people from the
Bronze Age World on drugs um we need to know what they're doing and we need to know what this
constellation of of drugs is doing showing up in our science love it absolutely love it we could not live
at more of an apex in Civilization this is fantastic and hopefully tonight we'll
have some Redemption except for Princeton they're not welcome no
hit it Chewie
[Music] thank you
let's throw up before we get started today just a quote just a quote to get
us pushed into the material to know that we're all serious before we continue our investigation could you pull up that
quote please yes this is a great quote by Jesus it's uh it's in the Almond
version yes the translation if you don't have it yet um you should get it yes you're gonna
arrest me like I'm a child trafficker yeah exactly lay Stace you guys at
Harvard how did you guys miss this one how are you supposed to know how these tracks are being used if you don't
we gotta we gotta dive in there's too much goodness here we gotta dive right into it tonight so to set it welcome
everybody from the ivy league welcome welcome we're going to look at a couple of texts tonight that are gonna be able
to set for us for all of us in the satanic congregation they're going to be able to
set for us that original history that we're looking for
Pure evidence it's all we do here is we smoke that evidence
right that's what we do people are asking what are they doing with this in their
body yes fantastic uh we're gonna I'm Gonna Roll a clip and I want just to set your
mind a little bit of subliminal messaging see if you can pick up all the symbols
[Music]
thank you foreign
so let's get into the mystery and let's dig in and let's see what kind of angle
we can take today to our investigation right let me just remind our audience we're all here
investigating for the sake of the trans-dimensional warrant that was put
out for one Jesus Christ we're going to have some new evidence tonight we're
going to explain what that naked boy was doing with him in that public park while
he's yelling quote please
you're gonna arrest me like I'm a child trafficker yes okay let's get on it for those of
you in the advanced core those of you from the Harvard folks I want you to
focus on like a front get back there see what's going on right we're not talking
swashbuckling here we're talking good old-fashioned child trade yes and all
the lamenting mothers in Lanka front who are lamenting their daughters having
been taken away I want to jump the first thing we're
going to do is we're going to necromance up an ancient source that nobody ever looks at and you guys this is why you
love this I know you do nobody nobody touches this guy not with
a 10 football not even the guys who study the field who study the medical side not even they like to touch this
guy I mean die scores is one thing right Galen is one thing my God are we gonna talk
are we going to talk about Venoms and antidotes and theriac yes
yes we are yes we are go ahead and bring us up bring us up our first passage for
the day please I just wanted to to take you to limnos
I just want to take you to Lemon Austin this was kind of a little invitation here you got a little Perseus a little
bit of a little bit of commentary we're talking about lemnos and lemny and Fire
right lemony and fire but let me in fire what is it that's something special living in fire what else is lebanos
known for known for that meal toss it's known for that cure-all it's known
for that antidote it's now for that antidote right why is
that well maybe maybe we need to look at the lemony and Fire
what is the lemony and Fire yeah it burns when you use it
but don't worry as our author tonight will explain to you that and there's a
whole bunch of sources this is one guy we don't have a date for right we don't have a date for him
um I'm gonna keep them kind of shrouded mystery a little bit but we don't have a date um orobasius is the one who's recording
this and who's oribasius he's that physician who works with Julian who we all know is
Julian the pot the apostate right so these guys are interested the the
Imperial lines are all interested in preserving the
craft around which they operate right um these Mysteries are performed
in places where the Emperors are the ones using the drugs and how do we know
that we know that from you can just dig up a Roman a physician a Medicus he was called
attached to the Roman army with Claudius you just grab this guy scribonius just
grab scribbonius and you look at him and you say scribonius tell me about the um tell me about the secret formula and all
the antidotes for them they're using in the rights okay tell me about Augustus what's Augustus using you thought Mark
serbalius was the only opium addict right no no they all were yeah and we've
got the recipe right that Augustus was fond of and these are not symbols these are not
simples when the people who are finding the hair right who are out there in the field
doing their job when they find those chemicals thank you very much that's a service to humanity
when they find those chemicals in there and they want to know what's you know what's the biological activities yeah
why are these people why do these people have we cannot begin to understand this until
we think not in one dimension right but in
multi-dimensions what are they using these for they're using constellations of drugs yes drugs have constellations
and for those of you like Rich who are into such things into the the physics
the physics behind the kaldi and Magi right
anybody's interested in anything like that is going to appreciate the level of
expertise it takes right the reason people are surprised about the drugs in the hairs because you know this is not
an area that classicists have studied yeah I'm gonna go back to a text tonight
I'm gonna bring it to you it was edited in the early 20th century
right like 1906 1907. wait a minute that's the last time
anybody has serious yeah it is the dude's name was Max velmann
yeah and anyway there's a whole Corpus that the German classical Scholars of
the early 20th put together and we have all of these documents I'm going to be showing you and be showing
you one of and in these we can look at the constellations of drugs that are
being used this hair is much more than we think it
is this hair is much more than we think it is it will tell us what they are
using it will tell us what rights are being propagated it will tell us
people said where's this it's a shaman put that smelly Shaman back in the closet we're talking colleges of Bronze
Age priestesses called a hidden eye they have a word for these people right
they have a word the EO baloy they call their God the cat the poor of the EOS
right yeah the one who has that the one who
has that EOS these are the people saying
yeah these are the bakkens these are the mean ads these the ones with staying hands the
purple those who are in in service to I Terny toss
eternity toss she who governs the ions she who governs the ions right and who
does she have with her she has that Youth and she has virtue and nature
nature steps up yeah this is fantastic we're going into the rights right okay
now pull up Phi lumens get him get him where are you where are you going here I don't want to see that text wait bring
this back up hang on a second here I want I want people to see the oh in this order look at this people
Corpus medicorum gricorum here it is this is all online thank you very much thank you very much this is all the
stuff it comes out of Leipzig right and here's a little bit of the introduction right probably facio looks they wrote it
in Latin isn't that nice that way we don't have to uh know any
German anyway um max came across this Vatican copy of
pseudo diascores and it was so happy to get his hands on it you know what I mean it purports to
be a phyluminous right phylum is a little book and the title is and that's where you see the Greek there peritone
Zone oh isn't that nice kaiton in our toys
all right these are the works about those eobolic
eobolic living creatures yes and their boy thematone
right the powers the things that they have you can say it's a Curative right
so look where you are I just want to stand back now for the people for the for the kids from
the ivy league right remember that we're dealing with a little more sophisticated
we're dealing with very well established shipping of these ingredients right you
can find this stuff all over the Mediterranean don't think that you have to look for local plants right from the
any analysis you get of what chemicals were there don't immediately say oh we get if it's not growing here no no
that's not you're going to find that hair dye that you found that red ocher
you're going to find that lemony in Earth that lemon and Earth you know what lemon
and Earth is you can buy them in little what you and
I would call pills or suppositories or or uh lozenges yeah you can dissolve
these things and wine you can put them in your rectum it's the way people take medicine Antiquity and you know it's
down to a pretty exact science um you've got these things stamps you
know with the physician of who's pedaling them right so you know anyway galen's out dealing drugs right he's out
buying drugs on limnos he's like dude these guys have what it takes they've
got the crank right so he goes out to them and he's looking for this miltos
he's looking for it he wants to know about the fire he wants to know about
the blood and he asked them about the blood of the goat and they laugh at him right the
locals do because he didn't know what he's doing right this is Galen and these are the locals on limnos yeah
laughing at him good good does everybody see what direction we're going let's go back to here let's go to this one Julie
thanks a lot yeah yeah I just want you to see at the end of his preface right he comes the
end of his preference but his preface there and he gives thanks to all those great people that you know helped him
out and humanitarian you know people or was he in the project of helping him in
this you know good for them yeah the ones who help them with this addition look at the names there okay these are
deals right villamovitz yeah okay so I
thought that was nice thank you MOX for giving us this text
um let's look at a little bit of phyluminous here I want to see give me that that nice title page again well
that's okay here let's show the folks this um this is a list uh of the chapters right and this is the
later chapters I didn't I gave you I just want you to see um here you can just run down this list
hospitals those are all snakes
yeah those are all snakes shapes hudros Brewing do we know the species of these
snakes we have to go to people like this guy in order to identify them look under the
Lambda right dracon well how does a dark on differ from a deep sauce
right and the president and you're not now as a classicist you have to kind of
step into a more scientific right world you know that and that's why you guys avoid these texts I mean am I
wrong no you know I'm not wrong um and now that you've now that you know
that people are using drugs and Antiquity maybe maybe all that Flack
that you gave everybody who said that they were um maybe you should shut up
yeah I just told Harvard and Yale and not Princeton because they cut their own
head off and killed their Greek program you bozos you incredible incredible
bozos flash something up here scary is there anything we put up here put a put a bit
face again give us a face right this is what yeah this is what you people deserve just flash something yeah come
on Chewie there we go well I'm saying my little thing here leave it up there this is for the people at Princeton who have
just decided believe it or not this is incredible not just now but months ago maybe a year
um they decided to kill their Greek program they decided to kill it why because it's the language of the oppressor you know
why those people are committing suicide and doing you a disservice
because they're taking these texts away from you and doing so
um uh uh they're doing it because they're insane right they're insane this
is an insanity this is an insanity you are not there you people at Princeton
you are not there to do anything but guard the texts you are not there to do
anything but keep that museum open and the only
way to do that is through the Greek if you can't do it because it's too hard
you should admit it and you should say we're just gonna study this in Translation and have
ancient Mediterranean civilization courses now a lot of professors out there will know will know that what I'm
saying is correct and they will say good for you for doing it but they will do so
very quietly okay so what do we have to say to the rest of the kids that are here the ones
that aren't from the ones that aren't from Princeton let's look at the drugs and how they are used in order
to get a better idea of this profile
what these people are doing what these monarchans are doing right and not just them but everybody
across the Mediterranean this is not the only place in the world they've got
drugs remember you can buy this stuff you can buy North African Viper Venom in Rome
yeah I can get up in the morning I can walk down to the market I can see the
Stalls they set up they have plaques for their for the type of stall they're using right Dr so and so and they sell
their drugs like medications they don't say dark Medicus and sell their drugs
all right they go all their different all they're different pills that are dissolved in wine or stuck in your
rectum they've got all the oils all right you can put on the skin did you know they've got stuff that you plaster
your skin Oh this is good I'm I'm ruining that I'm ruining the show I
gotta keep going let's go to the next yeah here we go I just wanted you to see this is concerning those those EO boy
right this is those poisonous animals right at the top right those poisonous living things and what they're doing
okay look at this word right in the beginning of this Treatise we deal with
loose Lissa or lusao is the verb it's a contract nice contract
um and it means to Rave or be mad and it look at them Roman numeral number two of dogs to suffer from rabies right because
this is the context we see the Mad Dog in right okay and how what do we do with
the Mad Dog well we know that there are substances that can induce Madness and
can stifle Madness and now for those of you who are classists who are thinking oh wait a
minute didn't they give hell board to somebody that caused the daughters of somebody not to get not to stop going
crazy yes they did and do you know why because
these iracular priestesses and colleges are taking your sanity and balancing it
balancing it with the use of their chemicals yes yes right those drugs that
were in that Bronze Age find those drugs are not the good
hallucinogens right those drugs are the scary hallucinogens so why would you want that in your system in the first
place why would you want the lemny and Fire okay let's go to Heracles this is a
transl uh this is just a translation go to the um this is just the dips asses the
therion right and I just wanted you to see we're gonna we're gonna look at a description here this first paragraph is
just a description of the dips house and apparently he's short he's only about a length of your arm yeah and he's got
these black spots on them with a kind of a Tawny amberish Brown that kind of
thing color yeah okay anyway um this is how we start to get into okay
what well who's who's using this and what you know is are these about just
bites that people are picking up or what are are these things that no no these are part of compound recipes we do have
bites right and you can include the bite of an arrow to be the very same
the very same uh Administration right this is from like a Fraun I just want
you to look about halfway down the end of the line and would that my father had not spurned
the nightly Terrors of the Oracle of isakus and that for the sake of my
Fatherland he had made a way with two in one Doom ashing their bodies with lemony and fire
wait what ashing their bodies with liberty and Fire
uh yeah what what does that mean what does that mean hey look at here this
just let's bring up Achilles uh excuse me Heracles a few a few a few lines later right what happened to him right
whom the hide of the lion made invulnerable by the bronze in battle and who possessed but one pass to Hades and
the dead wait wait he had a path to Hades and the dead okay you begin to see the resurrection
right right okay fellow necromancers here we are don't don't start to scare the kids they're just here to find out
what those drugs were doing right who possessed but one path to Hades and the
dead that which the scythian quiver covered
oh do you like that yeah the lemony and Thunderbolt the lemny and
Thunderbolt why am I picking on limnos and why am I picking you guys don't know it but Odysseus is a huge drug user
right Odysseus is a huge drug user you don't know it because you don't read authors
like the Candor the Candor is a poet who is a
priest who is a master of the theriac and the drugs that are used in Ritu
within the ride itself so um that's some of the information we get through those sources that your typical
classes are not going to get right it's a it's a sad and a shameful thing but
it's the way life is I want to look at a couple more of these tanks oh
um uh what do we have here something jumped in here I think I I'm feeling
queasy or something what is this oh it's ax it's ax right it's the Acts of the
Apostles rightes oh no this is where Paul is
having his shipwreck yeah and he comes to melite
the island see that in the first line melite comes to Malta
perhaps there was some miltos involved all we're doing is are we
changing vowels yeah we're just tuning vowels don't worry about it it's all connected where is this place remember
those pirates that we talked about who were trading the drugs and trading the children this is on their way
between Africa and Italy isn't that nice that's gorgeous I love this so it ends
up being a place where there are these bottle away and Paul ends up washing up on shore and
these barbaroy these locals are like hey let's give this guy a hand and they
start doing nice things before I build them a fire right and and why because
it's cold and rainy right and so um Paul goes to get some wood right and he's
putting it on the fire when this is the one two three fourth line down about a third of the way in
fusa this Viper jumps out from the fire right and
grabs on to his hair to his hand and the Barb bottle oil the next line
Aden they saw it they saw it holding on to the thalion right we just saw in the
passage before we just saw the description of the thalian and what its venom does
okay so here's another Stadium grabbing on to Paul when he's in Malta right and
they said to each other pontos this is a beautiful line this guy there's no way this guy is not a murderer
why why because after washing up from the sea DK
with a capital Delta DK look at it fourth line from the bottom near the end DK the goddess
right she's not gonna let him live after all that he's been through she's not going to let him live he must be some
kind of you know he's got some blood guilt on his hand or he's got something right if you're hearing a little
religion in this okay yes yes right remember the Christians
the Christians the monotheists are the atheists
right you can't be a monotheist without rejecting every other God but one
and if DK Justice is a pagan polytheist God
right you don't Eros you don't you don't accept Eros you don't accept DK how can
I trust you how can I trust you not to revolt and take over the government right how can we trust you if we're in
the first century Rome we know what Nero is using you you classicists out there we have Nero's
Private Stock we have his recipe you are sitting you
are sitting on the cure to cancer you're sitting let me let me say it again because it sounds like
it's out there you are sitting on the cure to cancer
you're sitting on the revolution in medicine you're sitting on the future
of what you'll be doing as soon as I'm telling you as soon as the molecular scientists right can model this stuff
can do the computer modeling for what's going on with all these substances
yeah your time is done it's a new world it's a new world the London time instead
of my work that it was the Last Frontier of Classics right that was after coming to hear a paper that I gave I can tell
you for a fact this will be your doom if you do not
become Guardians of the text yes if you do not become Guardians of
the text let's get a little bit more I sound a little too preachy I don't mean to be preachy
um back to Paul's thing here though um I just want you to notice the guys that said hey he got he got bitten and
he's not you know um he's he must be you know not a not on
the good side of Justice right um they said we're they're expecting him
to him they were expecting him to do this
they were expecting him yeah let's bring down the there we go they were expecting him to want to burn up to blow up to
distend in most translations you'll see some kind of swelling going on here but when you were talking about the use of a
Venom when there is a Venom involved we are now squarely in the verb pratho
which is the root P row town I know it's a Theta but it's
an aspirated Theta that's the P row Tau root and just like the sigma Tau row
root or the Str root that is the central Beating Heart of the orphic cult
um so is the P row Tau the P rotal plays the same root the Sotter does right so
tear uses that by the way so Taylor is the first right the sotela is the first
she who saves comes before he who says yeah and how do we know that look into
the firmament look into the stair look into the stairs
looking through the Stella oh man and you can see the virgin
[Music] every time every time yeah stata look at it classes my fellow
classes look at these texts look at these tags you need to
comprehend because people now I'm going to say this is
are you listening I'm gonna say this okay get ready get ready glasses
they are using people as manufacturing devices
for drugs yes yes and they're doing it a very sophisticated way
within colleges wow so when we find
the hair that is painted that we see those dimetrine priestesses
yes when we see that they've got the meal toss that they've got the meal toss
in their hair and why is that it is it is for erusibe
it is for her it is for Demeter that gold those golden grains
it's waving those fields of golden grains right yes that uh um is
the lingo of a whole bunch of sophisticated biochem it's a whole bunch of
sophisticated religion it's a whole bunch of cult and there's a good reason
that they all use that burning purple right as their base there's a reason for that
now what is this what light does this shed on Jesus and that naked kid because
that's what it's all about you didn't come here you didn't come here to talk to Philomena find out how do you treat
your how do you treat your um your body who is now
um under the influence of too much Spanish fly right and is having a
problem um what do you do to bring that down what do you do to bring down the level
of mania right and somebody's somebody's mental
state how do you cause you guys from you guys from the ivy league did you know you didn't
did you know that women were able to control these these women at Cambridge
says it from Athens and sat around in their homes and did nothing right regardless of the great Athena
hmm we find out that those women were able
to modulate their level of bleeding during menstruation
yeah that's sophisticated it sounds like something you would want to be able to do well it turns out
they're on the religious side they're doing this very same thing remember these are all the oyster manias brought
about by a cult that is treating birth right that is heralding in birth they're
the ones who are that you call on right you can get their drugs to
induce birth to induce birth act like oxytocin
injection give somebody a bolus of oxytocin right get that contractions
going they know it too they're doing the same working the same Pathways right but it's this group of Highly skilled women
that develops these rights so um when we see that the
Earth that fire that balances that serpent that Venom
yeah and we see the bronze foot
yeah and we see her with her lingerie on
bringing in the apocalypse that Morning Star yeah we gotta start thinking
Bronze Age we've got to start looking one of the things that I noticed I had the distinct pleasure in in my education
of working of working on Linear B
yeah with none other than Emmett Bennett who you know is involved in cracking it
and I thought it was hilarious that the the more I looked
the less I could find that didn't have something to do with drugs
yeah the shipment of The Ordering of the storing of different drugs
so that when I came to people and said they were using drugs and Antiquity and
they said Mr Hillman the Romans just wouldn't do such a thing
right that's the ignorance kitties from the Ivory Tower that you have been
subjected to now it's time to pull your heads out
it's time to look at these texts and to see the sophistication for what it is when you see the multi-dimensional poly
pharmaceutical approach you might understand something about
those Medusa you might understand something about all that poison culture you might understand
something about urinating them ejaculating
um drinking the sweat yes yes you might see eve even
you might even see Eve and understand you guys know that's not written in Hebrew you know that text is written in
Greek otherwise you wouldn't get centaurs that are
pulled out by the maserates you guys know that right you we have to be
careful with these texts the fact that classes is surrendered the biblical text is why we today have to ask the question
what was Jesus doing in a public park at 4am with a naked boy screaming at the
Roman Squad that had showed up to arrest him saying I am not a child trafficker
yeah yeah you will be surprised when you enter
into the mystery you will be surprised yeah I love this I love this thank you
guys for coming tonight I've taken more time from the devil than I should have now I'm gonna have to pay for it
um I encourage everybody with an earshot who wants to elucidate that mystery
I encourage you to get access to these materials I encourage you to pull them
out I will keep bringing you um the Mysteries and people have
requested that I show the Imperial side that we look at some of the cult use of
drugs among Imperials this is fantastic from stuff that you will not have access to nobody nobody translates this stuff
remember Max Wellman right he's he's a Vatican archive he's like wait a minute
this is a my God this is a great text on on these theriac these you can't have a
beast when you have seals I got news for you when you've got seals I'm talking to
the evangelicals now when you've got seals you don't even know what those are the classes you don't know what a seal is do you did you know that you stick a
seal and you rectum stick a seal in your rectum shame on you people
the drugs look up the trojiscoi look at them those wheels that you guys are
always confusing that the Christians cannot explain that's just words for
um a specific type of drug applicator yeah it's just the way that the drug is
dispensed you got didn't even know did we have I'm sorry I gotta show this there's one more maybe I didn't include
it but I really know I really wanted you guys to see oh
[Music] no I forgot it take that down I forgot it shame on me
um but I wanted you to see the Christ thing I wanted you to know infiluminous is the Christ thing and we
talk about it what do you do when you get christed right what do you do you know why if you get in trouble for if
you get exposed to a Venom that you don't have an immunity to that's your own fault you have not been christed
you have not been christed I guarantee you with as much water as they got out of his gut when they poked
it with a spear after he died prematurely on the cross and suddenly yelling I'm thirsty I'm thirsty and some
lines that are clearly from the papyri Greek I magikai
Thon yeah yeah I guarantee you if you were to have
Jesus's hair you would have drugs and you'd have a
constellation of drugs that you could then say hey hey wait a minute wait a minute what fits this
constellation what are they using this for yeah it's like a fingerprint you can fit it like a fingerprint and when Jesus
died prematurely on that cross he wasn't didn't die from the crucifixion he died
before yeah and they're like huh he's dead shouldn't be dead yet all right he's drinking that water
yeah fantastic I want to know why you guys we've we've been over this evidence
before so I don't wanna I don't want to rehash it but as this investigation is
going and let's admit it right we don't have Scotland Yard on our side right we
need to we need to lay it out to lay out the case with the evidence without any
sort of bias or phony agenda without belonging to any schools or any groups
or any religions or any Cults or any covens
yeah because remember I'm gonna flip on y'all I'm flipping on y'all as soon as they
come in quisition um well by the way you can open it up on
the witch's side too now I'm just I should stop I should stop no I apologize for taking up more of your time than I
and I'm worthy of I apologize um but we can also create this is a new
mechanism I show you this philological mechanism we can create because the language leaves a trace over time we can
follow it through say the Middle Ages and we can look at the chemical profiles
in the Middle Ages that are being used and yes we do have them because we know what the witches are always arrested with we have an account of of Michel'le
that talks about in France it talks about that tripod and what the Oracle is doing on what the Sabbat is and what
Lucifer is right we have all of that so we can take those little periods of time
as well and we can write out a history of how the drugs have been used over
time we can watch and paint right an accurate portrait now because
we have tracers in these drugs everybody somebody asked me today somebody asked
me today how do you um keep from you know where do you start and how do you keep from getting lost
right you will get lost and you will perish
if you don't hold on in this cave to the line that runs through it and that line
is the science of the pharmacology remember we serve iternitas who stands
with Nature Nature has left that fingerprint there for us to pull out as
long as we hold on to that reason and we hold on to that line through the cave
um you know you're bound to get out you won't fall off you know there's places
here where you can fall off and drown right so okay fantastic fantastic I've talked
way too much tonight I want to say one thing before I leave I've got two books here that are
um talking to each other they're talking to each other I just want to quote them in this I just wanted to say
um the devil's magic nowadays is on the first floor a fine and well-selected
Medical Library which these young surgeons with their own money and at the expense of their Pleasures are
incessantly adding to less dancing and fewer Mistresses more science and
brotherly love yeah yeah um what are those books one of those
books that we're looking at destructive of old constructive now in the chemical laboratory the devil is hard at work
preparing what is to alleviate the force Sailors pain and cure his ills that
coming that merlinian Prophecy of the coming of the Cure the coming of the Cure yeah it's all
there what year sir 1847 1847.
in the year 1847 Physicians were reading this book this
very book that I'm holding look at how nice The Binding is your books are nothing your books are nothing these
days look at the paper look at the paper do you see any yellowing on that paper no you do not because this is how books
were made when people knew how to make books yeah so 10 years before
ten years before this is what people are reading right and Galen is going to that
place in limnos where the locals aren't exactly impressed with his drug knowledge but
he's able to acquire the drugs that he needs there that is what is in your Bronze Age hair
okay it's too bad we don't have their skin it's really too bad we don't have their skins
some of this stuff you can lick and get high some of these books you can lick
and get high because they're skins they're not books they're skins right oh God I love it that's the blood
that's the blood are you guys ready that meal toss that's the blood
yeah love it okay um we've had a thank you for letting me
roll on a little bit more um than I should have I appreciate everybody tonight thanks for coming I
will not um uh I I will try to stop by we've got
a couple of things going on I'm gonna try to stop by the chat just to say hello tonight on the uh
uh after this so I need a couple of minutes here to freshen up I'm gonna try to jump on there but I may only be able
to come on for a few minutes it's an honor and a pleasure always to the folks who came tonight from the ivy league
um yeah you can stand back up you can stand back
up you take these sources in hand you can take these sources in here let's help these archaeologists to know the
mystery to know the mystery fantastic hail Satan
[Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause]
[Music]